A)The R0 coefficient is one of the basic parameters in a sir model and shows us the situation in the evolution of the pandemic, i.e. the percentage of people that the disease will affect according to the data of the model and in proportion to the time frame we give. It is the basic rate of reproduction of the pandemic and, in simpler terms, expresses how many people a case can infect at the beginning of the disease as long as there is no immunity and no measure has been implemented to limit transmission. Also, as long as this rate remains below unity, it means that the virus is weakening. In order to structure the sir model, the size of the infection coefficient α is necessary which is not given but based on the equations and logical thinking we understand that the infection coefficient directly affects the vulnerable so the size s. For s, the information we are given is that in the 30-day period, the infected are at 80% (or 0.8), while the susceptibles are at 20% (or 0.2). I use this information below in the illustrated diagrams and with tests we find that the value of α that fits this data is equal to 0.75.

B) If we don't want more than 50% of the population to be infected, the size we will investigate is again the susceptible ones, i.e. size s. We understand that 50% or 0.5 is a minimum and we assume that exactly 50% of the vulnerable are. The value α remains fixed and we test with the if condition which day is correct in order to satisfy the condition. So we conclude that the 5th day you suggest.

C) I) No lockdown refers to the simple case of the code

II) Lockdown refers to the case of the code where the deletion rate will be lower than the infection rate and the susceptibles will be zero. It also concerns the case where a quarantine will be imposed from the first day onwards in order to weaken the virus.-QUARANTINE FROM THE FIRST DAY

III) The proposed day of question b, after 10 days the virus disappears - the diagram is shown in question b
